hello everyone today's technique is
called wax paper resist now here is a
6x6 page that we created using this
technique now for each technique that we
do we place them into a six by six album
for future reference as we create
projects now we sell these technique
book kits on our retail blog so be sure
and go check it out now we'll be using
the following supplies today of course
we'll be using wax paper and we'll be
using some glossy white cardstock we're
going to be using a brayer and of course
we'll be using some classic ink and
we're also going to be using a paper
towel and some plain white copy paper so
you're going to want to have those
available so first of all take a piece
of wax paper that is just slightly
bigger than your cutout piece and just
crumple this into a ball
and what that does is you're trying to
get a lot of texture in the wax paper
now lay that over the top of your glossy
white card stock and take the plain
piece of white paper and lay that over
the top like that
then take your iron and it's on hot and
just iron it for about 10 seconds
what that will do is that will transfer
the wax onto the cardstock now let the
cardstock cool and I'm just going to
flip it a little bit like this so that
it cools and what we're going to do is
we're going to take our classic ink pad
we're going to use ballet blue today and
we're going to use our prayer and ink up
the brayer when you think you've got
enough ink on there just go ahead and
roll it over at the top you can see the
texture start to come out just continue
to ink that up plenty on there
and when you think you've got enough ink
on there then take your paper towel
allow the ink to dry and remember that
the morning that you a lot and that you
place of course the ink will take longer
and I'm going to make sure that this is
dry then take your paper towel and just
buff off the extra e
and of course what happens is the ink
doesn't stick to wherever the wax was
I don't know if you can see that very
well but there you have a finished piece
so here's what our project looks like
all completed and buffed office is a
little closed review so that you can see
it now I want to show you two variations
using this same technique now the first
one what I did is that I took the top
note bigshot die and we took out a piece
of wax paper crumple it up did exactly
the same that we did and this was what
we come up with and you can see that
this has a nice here's here was the wax
paper and we got a little bit of
residual some from the outside edge but
this gives a nice shape and a nice
different texture than we had before
now a third variation then I took these
stars
number two die Big Shot die and we punch
the shapes out of the wax paper and of
course then we crumpled it up and we
earned it and that's what we got with
that one and you can see that that gives
an entirely different texture and
background so the three of them that we
created today and you can see very
different the feelings very different
looks to the backgrounds that we would
create using this wax paper resist so
let your imagination run wild and email
us your finished projects and we'll be
happy to post them on the blog thanks
for stopping by and see you next video